hello dear friends with you
professor utkin assistant today we
we will shoot experiments by the way you
you can't see me but now you will see
as the camera gets closer to
us with an assistant about what the series will be
and why the assistant decided to open his
find business right after the screensaver
dear friends as you see a colleague
opened his business
sell pigs part of them air well
wish colleagues good luck for now
tell you the essence of the experiment we have
there are many stoves and many different stoves
type of fuel what is the essence of what we study
fuel is the most efficient which fuel
per unit of time gives the most
here we have the most effect
each stove as you see a stack of iron
exactly with so iron and we are in each of
distributors placed a certain type
raw materials here for example charcoal
here is an ordinary stick here Ifrit
different tree types we want to understand
is it true that different types of trees and
it is the trees they boards burn burn
differently here with us
wooden tools who can
burn but in general you see everything yourself
workbench music block and
bucket bucket words and it will all be
moved by the funnels of the stove we
find out what is the most efficient type
here we just turned on the fuels
night night as known friend of youth and
now my colleague and I will click asynchronously
here
here I am on this button and a colleague
respectively
and from the distributors the raw materials will enter the stoves and
the process will begin and so to colleagues about
three times two three went fine here you are
see all the stoves lit up only here
oh well ok we will add now
manually yes here's a colleague thanks added
bucket of lava and the process went as you saw
almost all hit at the same time
except for a bucket of lava but that's actually
excusable and unbelievable but fact
for the most part for the most part everything is already
only lava bucket burned and
water these three three types of resources
ebony stick charcoal and charcoal
Now we find out what the result and what
fuel is the most effective dear friends
unfortunately some colleagues
difficulty he had to shut down
so finish the issue and one colleagues already
we will see in the next issue itself smeg
he went to prepare knowledge so let's
short
summarize the results of our experiment
they are these results interesting enough
so first first place first place
we will come to the very end and now the third
place third place efficiency plan
gets charcoal and regular coal
8 angel you will see it turns out
due to use here
here is this kind of means three place is
Effrit stick 12
from iron the second result is not enough
bad but objectively speaking regiments
iron on time get oh sorry
ifrita get longer and harder than
coal so a little bit further he
is burning but I really don't know how much
it is effective and first place first
place unconditional first place
gets
bucket of lava see what happened before
a whole stack of iron was shipped and from
i will say that a lava bucket might
probably still melt another if not
a few more then 1 stack of iron for sure
so of course the first place it at
buckets
words especially since it is renewable
resources that is you take a bucket then
then go to the source of the lava
again fill it run and so
further besides it is possible delov
motivate and then generally cool you
can you can just
commercially do what
want if sense melt down and
there are plenty of resources in general
short experiment yes by the way
after the recording I remembered that the fence
tell you about others where melted
example about wood or wood
tools so here are the results
practically none because the maximum
one ingot and now let's say a sapling and
no demigod at all
results on this in principle burn them
it is possible but the output is the output by the efficiency still
not a bit
thank you for being with us today I know
that many may resent say that
this is wikipedia honestly say
first came up with a release then found out that
Indeed on wikipedia there is such
information but we didn't just show that
what is on wikipedia on search showed and
proved it still matters
so thanks to everyone who watched our
today's release next series
I will repeat it will be connected by snakes
good luck to all and bye